Homework Two (2) — Joseph Simpson UW Ruby Certificate Class - 10-16-2014

Please Read The Chapters on: 
Containers, Blocks, and Iterators 
Sharing Functionality: Inheritance, Modules, and Mixins

My answers:
1. What is the difference between a Hash and an Array?
The difference between an Array and a Hash is the type of object used to
index the collection.  An Array is indexed using an integer. A Hash is
indexed using any type of object.

2. When would you use an Array over a Hash and vice versa?
An Array is naturally used for collections that have a clean linear
structure that intuitively maps to an increasing set of natural numbers
(whole integers).  A Hash is used when the index object presents a  more
complex index configuration or you need to map one object to another.

3. What is a module?
From www.ruby-doc.org 
"A module is a collection of methods and constants.  The methods in a
module may be instance methods or module methods.  Instance methods 
appear as methods in a class when the module is included, module methods
do not.  Conversely, module methods may be called without creating an
encapsulating object, while instance methods may not."

A module is similar to a class but it can have no subclasses or instances.

A module is defined by:
module .....
	.
	.
	.
end


Enumerable is a built in Ruby module, what is it?
From www.ruby-doc.org 
"The Enumerable mixin provides collection classes with several traversal
and searching methods, and the ability to sort.  The class must provide a
method each, which yields successive members of the collection.  If
Enumerable#max, #min, or #sort is used, the objects in the collection 
must also implement a meaningful <=> operator, as these methods rely on 
an ordering between members of the collection."

Ruby docs calls Enumerable a "mix-in" and not a module.  So a module and 
a mix-in must be the same thing.

4. Can you inherit more than one thing in Ruby? 
Ruby is designed for single inheritance, so a Ruby class can have only 
one direct parent.  

How could you get around this problem?
The Ruby language supports mixins which are similar to classes in some 
respects.  A controlled type of multiple-inheritance-type behaviour may 
achieved using Ruby mixins.


5. What is the difference between a Module and a Class?
A Ruby Class and a Ruby Module are very similar.  However, a Ruby Module
should not support or encode object state information.  If object state 
information is needed then a Class should be written.

Instructor answers:
An array is an ordered list of items that are referenced by their index (order), a hash is a collection of items that can be referenced by a key and have no order.

2. When would you use an Array over a Hash and vice versa?
When the items have an inherent order I would use an array, when I want to reference the items in my collection by a name or key and their order does not matter I would use a hash.

3. What is a module? Enumerable is a built in Ruby module, what is it?
A module is a way to group code that you can use across multiple classes. Enumerable is a Ruby module that provides collection functionality; iteration, searching, and sorting. It requires an implementation of the each method.

4. Can you inherit more than one thing in Ruby? How could you get around this problem?
No, multiple inheritance is not allowed in Ruby. You can include multiple modules if you wanted to mix-in different functionality into your code. Code that is related with a hierarchical nature should be subclassed (inherited). A class can only have 1 direct parent, but can have lots of ancestors.

5. What is the difference between a Module and a Class?
A class can be instantiated into an object, a module cannot. A module is code that can be used across many classes.

